feat: Update user documentation for Arbitrary session management (#24)
ni/arbitrary-session-management: README.md

1. Implement the gRPC client-side logic
1. Use the gRPC client in Measurement Plugins to use the arbitrary resource through its gRPC service.

## Custom Instrument Session Sharing

### Define the proto file for the functions of the arbitrary resource

The first step is to define a `.proto` file. In this implementation, a custom gRPC server is used to handle session-based functionalities.

> A [sample.proto](src/custom_instr_session_sharing/protos/device_comm_service.proto) file is provided in the `server` directory. This example demonstrates how to define a gRPC service for **session-managed device communication APIs**. This means one can use the same approach to expose other resources, like file sessions, database connections, hardware locks, or network streams, and share those resources across different Measurement Plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [sample.proto](src/custom_instr_session_sharing/protos/device_comm_service.proto) file is provided in the `server` directory. This example demonstrates how to define a gRPC service for **session-managed device communication APIs**. 
This approach can be used to expose other resources, like file sessions, database connections, hardware locks, or network streams, and share those resources across different Measurement Plugins.
```

    | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | `resource_name`                   | The name or identifier of the resource to connect to (example, instrument identifier, protocol endpoint). |
    | `initialization_behavior`         | An enum that controls whether to create a new session or use an existing one (`UNSPECIFIED`, `INITIALIZE_NEW`, or `ATTACH_TO_EXISTING`). |
    | Additional Fields                 | Any resource-specific configuration (example, protocol type, register map path, reset options). |

    **Response - Must Include**

    | Field                             | Description                                                                                                   |
    | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | `session_id`                      | A unique identifier for the created or reused session. The client will use this ID in future calls.           |

>     | `new_session_initialized`         | A boolean flag indicating whether a new session was created (`true`) or an existing one was reused (`false`). |

Reviewer: The second part of sentence which was removed can be retained, (The need for the fields)

        ```

    3. Update the `import` statements in your component or implementation as needed. For reference:
      - [stubs directory is a package while the component isn't a Python package - <proto_file_name>_pb2_grpc.py](https://github.com/ni/arbitrary-session-management/blob/main/src/custom_instr_session_sharing/stubs/stubs/device_comm_service_pb2_grpc.py#L6)

---

This completes the process of defining your proto file and generating the necessary Python stubs.

#### Adapting for Your Own Use Case

> Beyond the core lifecycle RPCs, define methods specific to your resource's functionality:

Reviewer: The structure described above is flexible and can be adapted to manage any resource that benefits from session-based access.
Beyond the core RPCs - initialize/open and close/release, define methods specific to your resource's functionality. Here are some examples:
